 Awesome. Hi Armin. Hello. Get the recording but I think we'll make it work. All right, that's fine. So anyway, I think I'm building something interesting and I'm also interested in your opinion on this and not just opinion but like I want you to try it or maybe some toy project or maybe not so toy project and tell me what you think after you try but I've been building with this. I also asked Paul Everett, you might know this guy. He was like one of the core people in the very beginning of Python to test it and he's having some interesting results and fun with it. I asked Alice, my ex-Gel Data co-founder, to test it on a huge small project which basically allows you to run all of the yourself infrastructure locally on your machine to speed up development and testing and it's a huge one and he got some interesting results so I think that it's getting to a point where it's interesting. I want you to take a look at it. I was like maybe if you decide to share this video anywhere maybe some other people can take a look at it as well. Yeah, so give me a pitch. What's your GitHub again? I forgot. What are you looking for? Your project. Oh my project. Yeah, I'll give you the pitch. Let me share the window. Oh no, not that. Oh, okay, I'll rejoin. Okay, I'm back. Thank you double gods for protecting me and my ship. Anyway, I wanted you to try it so much that I even installed Py and made the plugin for Py and I started using Py and again I told you before that I hate Py because I wanted to release Py myself and I even got the name Py on PyTI but I kind of like Py, the coding agent, so it's pretty cool. So we can actually demo it a little bit. Let me share my screen. So the project is called LatMV. Here is the website. It's really easy to open. Just type LatMV. Oh, you're not sharing your screen. What? No, you're sharing your screen. There's a bunch of warnings. Anyway, so the project is easy to find. Lat.mv and installing it is equally easy. Just mpm, id, g, LatMV. I recommend installing it and start using MPX because then you're a consistent person. The idea of flat is that there is so much to it. But basically, I want to review code. I want to review code that I write code. And I really, really don't want to review it. It's just impossible to stare at 10,000 lines of dense React code or Python code or anything and make any sense of it. On the other hand, it kind of doesn't vibe right with me that we don't review code anymore. So what's the solution? I think the solution is compression. And we can compress the knowledge of the code and key decision and key business logic to some kind of knowledge base. Wouldn't it be nice if instead of reviewing your specific code and low-level decisions, you would instead be reviewing high-level decisions that the agent has made. And then we can check in those decisions alongside the code to the repo. And humans sort of solved this problem with spec-driven development before. The only problem is that your spec is outdated and not in sync with your code, probably like 10 minutes after you decided to pursue this. We are bad at updating code. We are, many engineers, are bad at updating code and specs side by side. Inevitably, they are just a part. But the idea of having specs, organizing knowledge is not new. Like, again, there is this little program called Obsidian and the whole other set of tools that's similar to Obsidian. They also use Markdown to organize knowledge graph, and do a lot of interesting things to them. So my idea now is can we actually make an agent use the same approach so that you have a knowledge base in your Markdown files that evolves side by side with your code? The knowledge of your project is captured in those files as you go. So basically, another problem that we have with agentic development is that a lot of knowledge, essentially, is incorporated in the prompt that you send to the agent, and then you forget about it and never remember it again. Beats, Steve Yegge's solution, kind of addresses this, but also they become sort of into git history, which is there, ultimately. It's just really hard to navigate and find stuff in it. So we sometimes, we humans do it, like with git blame or git bisector, something like that. But using it to guide the project development is almost insane. There is too much noise in it. So LAT is actually built with LAT. It's open source. It's on GitHub. And I guess it can be used as a demo of what LAT can do. So this is the LAT project layout. It's a JavaScript project. There is a bunch of files in the source directory, but there is also this directory called LATMD. And inside LATMD, you have different markdown files. Those markdown files are regular markdown syntax plus one extension. This extension is born from obsidian. This is WikiLinks. So if you have inside like double square brackets, you can link other sections from your knowledge base. So this is extension number one. Extension number two is that you can also link your source files from your knowledge base. So for example, you can have the agent can have a paragraph, can add a paragraph detailing, let's say user login flow. And it can capture the overall big idea like what needs to happen, what are the details, when the email should be sent to the user, how the forget password should be working and whatnot. But it can also add links to the source code where those things are implemented. And we'll come back to this later. And you can also link those files, markdown files and markdown individual sections from your source code. This is also pretty crucial and we'll talk about it later. But this is pretty much it. So having markdown files side by side with your code, sadly is not enough. Like the idea is there and you can even spec it out. But good luck enforcing it yourself or with your agent. So the next idea that let influence is actually building a workflow around this, like the agent must have tools to actually be productive with the system. And so what are the tools? So first of all, there is an init command. So when you want to use lat, you don't need to do like too many body movements, you type lat init, and it will scaffold the lab directory for you. It will install the, it will ask you what coding tools do you use? Or do you use cloud, do you spy, do you use something else? And it will set up the necessary infrastructure. For some it will create agents.md or cloud.md, it will create hooks, it will create plugins, whatever it takes to make the agent actually use the tool. For pi, for example, and for cloud, specifically lat injects a hook in your start prompt and injects a hook in the stop event when the agent is like, okay, I'm done. Like what else should I do? So we intercept that and check that the process is enforced. The important, the other important command for lat is actually check command. So check command checks syntax validity inside markdown files. It also tests the links, that the links are correct, that internal integrity is preserved between markdown files, between source files that markdown links can link into and vice versa. So we validate the links. And by the way, linking source code is fairly advanced in a way that I actually parse your source files. So you can link to a function or you can link to a method within a class or to a Rust pro-packer or something like that. So it actually analyzes the source code. So now we can, in the hook, we can tell the agent, hey, when you're working on the feature, update lat files, update the knowledge base. And at the end of it, we can enforce that lat check actually passes the test, the markdown files are in check. This is good. Now, again, this is all good. The agent can now update lat files, but how can it actually use them? And this is where the next part of the workflow comes. There are two essential commands, which is let search and let expand, let section. So let search specifically basically creates a reg. And this reg evolves and leaves with your lab. So as soon as you change a file and says a file, and next time you run let search command, it will detect that the file changed or a new file has been added. And it will build, it will update the internal reg, which is stored in the lip SQL database on your disk. You have to configure lat with an embedding model key for this to work. And this is crucial. So now we can actually tell the agent, hey, when the user enters the prompt, run let search on it. So now the agent can run let search. And it will find can ask questions, it can ask the knowledge base questions. And it will find the relevant sections in your knowledge base. Let me actually share. Yes, it's time for us to see it. And I'll also share the how the agent actually works. I want to add open code support. So this is a perfect opportunity to do something like this. So let's just let's just see. It's fine. Let's search. Let's search. Release procedure. It's fine. Let me zoom in slightly. So we are inside lat and d project itself. We are asking what's the release procedure. And we just performed the reg search. So the output of lat is also marked down. Like everything is marked down. If lat errors out, it's going to be in a nicely formatted markdown. If it gives you results, it's going to be presented as a nicely formatted markdown. So now we have the results of this little reg query. And now the crucial part here is that it finds the results. It gives the path to every section. So we can actually navigate to that section. The agent can do it. But then it tells how to navigate to that section. So it tells you, hey, run lat section on the section. So like, let's just copy and paste it. All right. So my trackpad is resisting that section. So we are just doing what the system told us to do. And now it will render the section. And it will render what the section references. So it basically expands the links that are outgoing from the section. But it will also expand the links that are referencing the section from other lat sections or from the code base. So basically, this builds the navigation system for agent automatically. And we can try to actually use it. Let's launch your favorite coding agent, which I assume is Pi. I think, actually, let me show you how the setup works. Let's do what we need. Let's do it one more time. It's fine. Let's say that I'm using Pi and don't use anything else. And I want agents to use lat just by typing the lat command. Everything is configured in my system. So this is it. If you don't have the embedding key, you will have to enter it here or configure it else. There are a couple of ways how you can configure it. Embedding it needs for, so it maintains the embedding database in addition to, just so it's like... It maintains everything that's local. So basically, inside the lat directory, os, latmd, there is cache directory, there you have lat init json, which is actually... It remembers the hashes of different markdown files that the system creates so that it knows when it's safe to update them. And if it's not safe to update them, it will tell you, hey, I have new agents.md, but you have some local changes. So how about you resolve it yourself? And vectors.db is the lib sql database that's just growing along with your code. It's not recommended for you to check in the cache directory. It can be just built on demand. Latmd creates a gitignore file within latmd directory, so this will never be checked in. Anyway, so we can open py, and as you can see, py found agents.md. It found a skill because latmd also creates a skill for how lat should be updated with some practices. And we can talk about them later because there is more to the system. And it also detected an extension for itself, that lat init just provisioned. So now we can tell, hey, I want to make lat init a plugin for open code similar to what we do for py and code.codes.md. No mistakes. I'll save it a little bit of time. Open code, I'll just give it this URL directly. I want to check out the open code plugin. So as you can see, here we have immediately latmd, this is a plugin, injected it an additional instruction. By the way, check out the use let search essentially on the query. Here we have it expanded. And it did. Immediately the agent started searching through your knowledge base. Let me just press escape, pause it so that it doesn't scroll constantly. So now we are in expanded mode, press control O, and we can see the first one. Let search, lat init command plugin generation. I found a bunch of sections. And I told it to use the section. The second one, let's search, py code code plugin integration agent. And then open code plugin. So it just tries to soak as much knowledge as possible from the knowledge base. And then you can see it tried lat section as advised. So it ran lat section on CLI init and expanded a few of them. And lat section, again, like this one, it happens to be big because the command is doing a lot of stuff. So it consumed all of the stuff and it just continues to research. And the interesting part that happens here, there are a couple of them actually. So benefit number one is that you can become a little bit more sloppy. Maybe as sloppy as you want. Because your prompts are basically getting auto enhanced most of the time with correct context. Of course, OOMs are calculators. So non-deterministic ones. So it differs from session to session. But generally, I would find that it actually enriches the context in the right way. And second, it actually speeds up the process because the agent no longer needs to grab through your code base excessively. Because when you form a prompt, it is not going to grab the code. Yes. So it actually press control over as I can see it doesn't like to do the whole thing. So obviously it reads a lot less because if you scroll up, it basically only read one file because the rest, seemingly, it was sufficient with getting this out of that. It did a little bit of grabbing, but very little. I guess it was grabbing for open code in particular now to see if there was work done. Do you have any sort of experience with how much you actually avoid reading files? It's hard to say. It's a little perceptual. I need to build hardness. This is why I wanted to chat with you, not to ask you to build hardness. But so that you can also give me subjective opinion on it. And maybe that will force me to finally write some eval hardness for this stuff or maybe somebody else which will see this, will be interested in actually. I don't know how you would say it. Subjectively, it's hard. It's very hard. I'm not an expert in this part of AI. But I can just see that evidently when the section references the function specifically, like for example, the plugins in this file or this particular implementation of this function, I can see that then it just reads the function block itself. Because what that section will do, let me show you something else quickly. Because this is obsidian syntax, we can do some interesting shit. We, for example, can use obsidian to visualize your knowledge base, which is kind of cool. You can now navigate the knowledge of your project. And here, for example, we can try to find the, there is more to it, by the way. I'm just trying to find a section that references implementation. Oh, this one. Stop short pass disinfiguration. So I'll stop sharing again. And start sharing again. So this is my terminal. Can you see it? You can see it. You can see it like this. So let's locate, like let's locate this section. Let's find it. Like a bunch of low level commands that sort of agent can also use to find sections like lab locates, for example, it can account for typos, because it uses Levenstein editing distance to find like the lists of interesting sections, matching sections, section. This one here. So this section has a reference to the source code, right? And specifically, it says somewhere in here, yeah, resolution is handled by source lattice ds resolve ref. And as you can see, it links directly to the function and it expands the function just enough for the agent to understand if it's relevant or not. And it gives the coordinates of this function as well. So what I see when I'm using lab... And the coordinates are live resolved at the time of location or is it can they diverge? No, it doesn't. It doesn't deployment any cache purpose. We saw it basically, it always uses this thing like as a ghost. Like when you call that... Did you use something like treeSitter to find it? Or... Did you use something like treeSitter to find it? Or like how does it fit? Yes, yes, actually you need to use a treeSitter, a bunch of wasm files. It specifically uses treeSitter for TypeScript, Rust, Python, C... There are a couple of other languages, I forgot what did I add. But yes, it basically parses as it goes. And by the way, if you want to use lab, make sure that ripgrap is installed because I'm using ripgrap to accelerate the operations. This is important. Implementation detail. It will let you know if you're missing ripgrap and you shouldn't install it. So yeah, like to answer your question, I think it does speed up the graphing significantly. Now, there is another interesting aspect of the system. I'll stop the session, we can resume it later. I'll just go here. And the other interesting aspect of lab is this. Let's open labmd slash tests slash... Doesn't really matter which one. So this is interesting. So there's this little markdown here, which says require code mentioned true. So when this happens, lab imposes a requirement that every leaf section of this document, so in this case, leaf section is like this section because it doesn't have any subsections in it. And this section, it must have a reference from the code base, back from the code base. And this basically allows you to enforce testing. So now we have here the test directory, and our test directory has a bunch of markdown files. Each of these markdown files describes functional high-level tests that must be present in your system. And if we take a look at the tests directory, we maybe see what it will do. I'll take this one. So it's a bad file because it's like very low-level unit tests. But I'll take this one. Yes. So as you can see, the tests here are annotated with a back reference to the test implementation. So when you run let check, it will actually ensure that every test now has a corresponding test in your testing framework. And that actually enables a lot of interesting possibilities. Like for example, you can actually drive the development through lab. For example, if you like to, if you wish to type fast and you want to be full control, you can actually drive like that. You can actually create tests. You can specify what should be tested and the agent will scaffold the actual test implementation for you. The workflow here would be, I would add a new test back to that and it would then find the place to place the test and then implement it. Or like how would you add a test in this case? If you want to. Basically, I see two approaches to lab. Either you drive it or you let the agent drive. So I would add a test here that sort of follows this pattern. Basically, so again, I think test is like not that hard. You go to lab and you just add a section here. This is it. Like you just go. But like how would you do it with the agent now? Let's say you actually want to add a test. Let's say, I don't know, like go to your hooks for a second. Let's come up with something. So the hook test that you have. Okay. One second. To the implementation or to the mark on file? The implementation. I'm the kind of person that reads the quotes on the spec. Yeah. So for instance, it was caught on a little bit. You had this test here, which had something like locks when lab check fails, right? Sure. So can you open in a split screen the corresponding spec? No. What's the feature of the new game? I'm not. So basically just section. What is it? This is blocks. So in this case, it has like blocks. So there's actually not much more description. So let's say you would say you want to have another version of this, another test, then whatever reason says, if you run this twice, it's item potent or something. How would you do this now? If you only have the clanker. So you were just like, okay, so you're in. So if I'm in pie, I would just, I would just, we can do it now. What does it do? Oh, we need to make it more realistic so that the agent does something to it. That's it. Okay. Let's check this. This is something arbitrary, like not, not, not sure specifically. Oh, actually, let's, let's do I don't think that they have the test for start. That's it. Let's make sure it tests code. Why again? Start. Let's just do this. Do you have in your skills sort of a description that should start with the spec and then write the test or is it sort of naturally come out of it? It's actually like semi-natural behavior. The agents.md file that it created and the hook itself and then the skill, they explain how the system works. They recommend to test by adding tests in the, in the, in the directory. But like what I've found before is that with earlier versions, when the recommendations are like, they're more affect it puts people still doing it essentially. So like it just naturally figured out that this, this is possible. But now it's more precise and the skill specifically instructs it to do it. Skill also does another thing. Basically, there is a mandate in lab that every section, every section's first paragraph must be 250 characters short. And it should, it should have the description of the section. Like you can go into details in the second and third paragraph and what not, you can have subsections, but every section must have its first paragraph to be like short and concise. This is to have like nice reg retrieval and also like more reviewable by people. And that's that as well. All right. So basically that's so now. So if you add a little bit of a human address on this. So now actually like what I need to do. Oh wait, it's still working. I think your gateway is locked up. Locked up. I think so. Let's see. I'm assuming using the cell gateway. Yes. Yeah, it's using the cell gateway, which by the way, it wasn't, I was using Anthropic, but yesterday Anthropic was down for me for like an hour, intermittently. And I switched the lab to the cell gateway. Like it's not the one day. It's like from European analysis. It's not like super required like inside the result to use the cell gateway. It's recommended. So I just like a piece of it. I will just use it directly. We need to do something in pie to sort of detect that it blocks because I think it's we can see it. I think it's fine. Oh, interesting. Okay. So you can see like an illustration what happened here. So like it resumed, it ran let's check, let's check immediately. It told it, okay, like you have a bunch of tests that reference the lab, but those tests don't have the actual like lab section. So now it went back. It updated the hook tests paragraphs. Like what what are like the general descriptions of the tests. And then it started editing the tests here. So I myself don't edit that directly. I instead review this. And I think this is actually pretty cool because I can just glance through the updates. And if my eye catches something, I just tell the agent no, like this is incorrect. I go and fix it. I have some questions here. So one is my general sort of limit so far with spectrum development is that a if the spec is a 50 complex, it's about as reliable for agent to make sense of it as it is for the code, particularly if they're not localized changes. The second thing is like nothing actually forces a spec to be in sync with the code. So as far as a part of this here is to figure out when the two things drift apart. So I think I think like both things actually are in towards by lab. So first of all, your spec your specs don't work because there are huge flat barbell files. And the agent still has to grab them or it loads all of them in the context. And even though like we have one million token context, which is absolutely insane for what it's worth. Like the actual actionable sort of window within that context is not that big. And it's so easy to overload agent with information. And then it's just like the schizophrenic mode when I'm just not sure what it is and what it's doing anymore. So that compresses this by making the knowledge that the spec navigator essentially by giving you the rack by enforcing the convention that every section must have a short description by giving you tools to enforce consistency of the spec and whatnot by giving you tools that ensures the consistency of the code and whatnot. So like your code will never drift if you have some stale reference, let check will tell it and you can add let check to your Github CI. I lot has like it's part of the unit test essentially. The agent runs it itself automatically as well because the stop hook in cloud and by so open code in for etc. Run let check religiously. So basically I've never observed that actually drifting and I almost never see. It's not interesting because basically as part of your agentic interactions, it kind of people that contribute to this repository are supposed to have that. Yes, you're supposed to follow the process like the innovation of that. Let's imagine for a second that I don't use that and you because like so there are two ways that we just can go one is like you have some sort of like authorization going on that pull request going as a repository guarantee that they have been using that or you have to asynchronously either redo the pull request or run some sort of sanity check on CI that the contribution upholds sort of to spec aligns. So the beauty so the beautiful part here is that this is toolable like that gives you workflow but it also gives you tools and now you can build those tools and you can build more tools on top of it like to address your specific concern. For example, you can build a linter that checks that every test in your code base has a back reference to lab file right and this way you edit the test by hand or you run agent without lab and edit the test. Your CI will block and your PR will tell you you have to install lab and run lab check. So then you install lab and run lab check. Would the intention be that you would if you would use lab in a code base would you agree that you have a CI job that basically says sort of let validate that all the changes coming in keeps spec and code aligned? Absolutely, 100% and this is script alone. What's more interesting about this is that because you have workflow and you have tooling you can actually have a periodic CI job that for example improves that like you can have like almost like a fast test for example that just picks a random section of lab and ask the agent hey can you actually validate the code that it like conforms and if not like send an email or whatever like send me a whatsapp message like this is doable as well so now you can automate those things. The question is like the the source of truth in that case should be the specification so the specification in some way should be a superset of the code that's implemented so in theory there should be a code existing that is not specified so how how does that scale over time in terms of like because like the whole this whole thing would only hypothetically work correctly if the total amount of spec that I have to have in context is small enough for the LLM to make sense without having to read a whole bunch of other stuff right like the yes sort of the limit here is basically how much do I have to read from that so I think that in general it takes me I don't know like more paragraphs of text to explain how red black tree like the red black tree algorithm or something like that like uh in C++ that would probably be probably be like 5 000 lines of C++ code so my bet here and not all this is proven like I'm not in a lab I'm not presenting a well study here but like my assumption here is that English allows you to compress knowledge by a lot so if you enforce this correspondence like one to one correspondence that hey latmd has broad ideas captured in English and code has like the actual super detailed implementation then the compression benefits are going to be real enforcing it in my experience so far I don't see much drift between lat's own spec and the implementation like I just don't see but lat is like a relatively small project like on its own it's about like 7 000 of typescript lines of typescript or something like that always testing it like one much bigger project I think like 100 000 lines but the results are like super conclusive just yet the thing here is that the next step like if this idea works that okay we want to compress little which we want to like look at look at this this this is my gift right so like I don't have to read those tests 80% of this PR is like that different stats I could just take a look at English like if the assumption is correct then we can actually continue tweaking agents I think the challenge is that like even if English compresses better which it might and probably is um you sort of I think at scale you might run into the same kind of problem which is that the total amount of context you have to have like not like an alarm context but like full amount of spec context you have might eventually grow like not linearly with with with the size of the feature because like eventually the way large services and systems work like you you tend to unfortunately have to pull in a whole bunch of information um I I personally don't know how it would scale but like my general assumption is most things are under documented most things are under specified so if you if you actually pull and I give you say like hey we have to make this change and this change is sort of even if it's decomposed into a rather small addition let's say like a new triangle model or something you might actually have to pull in the entire pre-existing data model or like close to the entire existing data model because you have these massive core objects which reference everything and so in order to ensure that you don't violate some of those core contracts now you're like eventually you pull in more and more context I guess so my question sort of I guess a little bit like how does it scale so uh to be determined that's that's the answer but I have a few thoughts on this so first of all I think when you hit this problem where you have like a lot of spec and a lot of code uh you will have an even more significant problem without that because like now you just have like millions of lines of code like good luck figuring out what what it is and good luck uh with your agent just grabbing it endlessly instead of like being able to do like rack search now just has to grab grab grab grab and grab so I think that that would still be useful second thought is that I want to make a lot hierarchical so that like in a monorepo you can have a top level lab directory that explains the overall motivation and the business logic and decisions and whatnot and then it basically can link to nested led files like within backend folder on that file but then service email you can have another within the app uh third one and whatnot each one of them can be more narrow in its scope and then the tooling can actually help us because like when you run let's search within let's say backend directory or indicate that you're running from within back back and back it will basically sort the results about the implementation first from the local led file but then it will concatenate them with the results from the other led file so basically we can maybe and this is a conjecture but maybe we can combat the the like almost like non-linear growth of your knowledge base by modularizing because you modularize your code so like your ios application or code base knowledge base will be probably slightly different from your website implementation knowledge code base so I think the same principles we use in software engineering will be applied to like what I want to call knowledge engineering yeah same thing like main space and tools around what I what I have a little in the back of my mind here is I think if you I don't know if you've ever downloaded a intel cpu manual it's like like it's kilograms of it's kilograms of that's an extreme example like extreme like what is a very precise example I know I know I know but like in a way like that manual is even more precise than like your slope code is like it's just it's just insane uh I guess like the our essence here is it's a combination of supposed compression so in the assumption here which is probably correct is that you can actually describe look I think here's an actually interesting example into test if you take quick js for instance and a bunch of dollars then you should be able to basically convert the ECMAScript specification into lat and then correlate it to quick js and then see how does adding more features to quick js that's missing from is from tz-59 that's a very interesting idea I love it because like they have like an it has cross correlation it should be you could might be mechanically converted but I think that would be an interesting case because like it's one of the projects that I know has a very very good spec and also competing implementations but quick js is one is small enough that you could probably have the LLM sort of attempts on it you know this is very this is very interesting idea I'll definitely play with it because like I still want to write a post about that um and this could be a very cool example in it I love the idea I'm glad that you're not asking me to design a CPU wafer from uh into specification that would be very very boring um uh I'm sort of like somewhat skeptical but but but I do think that there's something behind it I think my skepticism is in in part um the fact that it's I think it's possible for changes to basically not be lat and forced and that's so my my sort of point of reference here is like if I actually run a review like a review prompt on even a rather small chain it actually takes the anchor quite a few attempts to go to passing which couldn't happen given that it actually has all the information in context yeah and so if I sort of align this and say like hey here my expectation is like here's the spec and here's the implementation is the spec matching the implementation or the other way around it might say yes but in fact it kind of didn't it still goes in and then over time you have this divergence um and then once the divergence is large enough it actually surprisingly hard to sort of catch it so this is why I'm saying you can you can you can basically build a process about around it like you can actually have a continuous process in your ci or somewhere else like the trailing 24 hours of bankers exactly exactly just like continuously picks a random section and just like validates the code so much and they shields it but also you can potentially instead of like doing a plugin for pi uh maybe we just like take part by a part or like me well I'm not proposing this I'm just saying like we can do it can be like another thing like let itself can become a coding agent like a pathetic I'm not doing that and I don't want to do it but like hypothetically there could be an agent that actually enforces it more tightly so like actually forces the agent in separate conversations when the context is empty to look at your changes and automatically sync them with the code base and when the context is empty this is actually possible because the problem with coding tools right now is that the context is linear and this is another thing that I wanted to share with you another idea that I have is that actually it's Elvis's idea uh yesterday I had a call with him the materialized conversation about lab because that is a graph that's the innovation it's not flat agents looking dear quality or skills it's a graph that's tied to your code base so what if your context session thing is would also be a graph where you can have like a separate sort of like leaf path in that graph but which enforces a certain action it's a certain thing to be done where the context expression new and whatnot so uh yeah last question here is is if you if you think of this as basically like spectrum development which is sort of this um there's obviously I think there's a strong desire that at one point we sort of end up with code being sort of the throwaway part and like a spec being hypotheticals of the main thing that we interacted with so this whatever is shown to us as the pull request is primarily the text description of the code just sort of is like a like a mechanical enforcement it's like the code is a mechanical limitation but it's like a like a clanker already verified that this change applies to the spec so we only have to read the spec I think like that's sort of how we should look at this the question at that point is is git in your mind good enough to represent this because the other question is like why is this not just a commenting code right because if it's if it's close enough you can sort of say like why now we're sort of putting annotations into the code so also have the spec live close to the code and sort of pry it out and we don't have to have the separate system um just kind of curious how you think about this I think uh there is a future where code becomes secondary and maybe we're already in the future for at least like some projects where we don't care about the view code for something non-essential non-critical like why not uh and in this case I think it's just detrimental to mix the knowledge about the system and the code because they both have their own architectures like your knowledge base can have its own file layout its own logic behind reference and whatnot and this particular implementation that is in the source directory uh can be basically like a view at that spec through a certain lens but like hypothetically if you have a good well-maintained lat knowledge base I could just see you say hey like this type script from rust maybe I should attempt to put that soon uh and it will give you better results by not necessarily just transpiling files one by one but by looking at the knowledge base and thinking hey how do I basically build a new project and use the source file source code only as like a reference for edge cases and for maybe some implementation details uh that are not documented in latin by the way just going up they do I have to use this exercise so that's it's a point so something like that so I think again like giving you given having an idea of hey this is factory development please do this back it's one thing building tooling around it and workflow is another and that is what is the latter gives you the tooling so with that tooling you can do more complex things and there is a benefit of being separate but still checked into gear but also by the way uh get us kind of critical because we have to review on github or wherever I think that really English is like arguably it's slightly easier than delivering low level code and I can also see this being used potentially in products like b0 or coding agents where you have three now access of of reviews you can take a look at the code as you want you can take a look at the spec difference in the english difference or you can take a look at the UI visible UI changes so like uh do it as you wish so I think it basically it's like a new parallel of how you work with the code base so anyway please take